Contact

twitkout@yahoo.com

www.linkedin.com/in/twitchell- addai-a07087126 (LinkedIn)


Top Skills

Robotics

Artificial Intelligence (AI) Milling

Languages

English (Full Professional) French (Elementary)
 
Twitchell Addai
Graduate Research Assistant @ North Dakota State University || Mechanical Engineer || A.I., Crypto & Blockchain Enthusiast || Oil & Gas Trade Facilitator || Blogger - twitchdl.com
Fargo, North Dakota, United States


Summary

Experienced Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & energy industry. Skilled in Mechanical Engineering, Oil
& Gas Industry, Steam Boilers, Python (Programming Language) and Programming Languages. Strong engineering professional graduated from Kwame Nkrumah' University of Science and
Technology, Kumasi. 




Experience


Flour Mills Of Ghana Limited
Assistant Shift Miller
July 2024 - December 2024 (6 months) Tema, Greater Accra Region, Ghana



SRG & Temaplast Plastic Manufacturing Company
Maintenance Engineer
March 2023 - June 2024 (1 year 4 months) Ghana



Lotus Global Petroleum Ghana Ltd
Technical Manager
January 2020 - August 2022 (2 years 8 months) Accra, Ghana

1. Played a pivotal role in optimizing vessel tracking and discharge processes while maintaining rigorous documentation and ensuring precision in quality and quantity assessment of oil products during importation.


2. Held a dual role as Company Secretary, actively participating in high-level discussions, negotiations, and strategic decision-making.


3. Managed seamless purchases of in-tank refined oil products from local

BDCs, enhancing procurement efficiency and supply chain management.

Page 1 of 3 
4. Monitoring and maintenance of computer hardware, software and networking systems.


Essel Oil & Gas Co. Ltd. Ghana
Technical Engineer
June 2019 - January 2020 (8 months) Ghana

1. Facilitated seamless importation of crude oil and refined products by meticulously handling documentation, quality control, and financial accuracy.


2. Assisted the Operations Manager to ensure efficient vessel tracking, discharge operations, and compliance with importation protocols for oil products.


Thai Union (Pioneer Food Cannery Ltd).
Boiler Engineer & Operator
September 2017 - February 2019 (1 year 6 months) Tema, Ghana

1. Efficiently operated and maintained fire tube boilers, ensuring consistent steam generation and adherence to safety standards.


2. Conducted thorough monitoring and repair of boiler systems, including feed water regulators, burners, and steam traps, to optimize boiler performance and prevent malfunctions.


3. Implemented precise chemical treatments and water analysis for boiler feed water, ensuring high-quality steam production.


SRG & AMANI Plastic Manufacturing Company
Maintenance Engineer (Intern) June 2016 - August 2016 (3 months) Tema, Ghana

Contributed to seamless operations and maintenance of plastic manufacturing machinery, including troubleshooting and daily maintenance of Cutting and Extruder machines.


Ghana Ports and Harbours Authority Vehicle Maintenance Engineer (Intern) June 2015 - August 2015 (3 months)
Tema, Ghana

Page 2 of 3 
Performed maintenance and upkeep on diverse heavy equipment and automobile vehicles, ensuring operational excellence and adherence to
maintenance schedules.




Education

North Dakota State University

Master's degree, Civil Engineering 路 (January 2025)


Kwame Nkrumah' University of Science and Technology, Kumasi

Bsc. Mechanical Engineering  路 (2013 - 2017)


NIIT

Certified Compuer Hardware Technician, Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services 路 (2013 - 2013)

Achimota School

WASSCE Certificate, General Science 路 (2009 - 2013)








































Page 3 of 3
